In this lecture we learn how we can size images and text responsively.
This topic is important because if we are used to assigning text an image size is using pixel values
they will always have the same size regardless of the size of the browser window.
This could be problematic as we could have big images in a very small browser window or small images
in a very large browser window.
A smarter solution would be to size the elements on a web page responsively meaning that their size
would be proportional to the size of the browser.
First we would look at how we can responsibly sized images on our Web page we could assign a percent
value to the height and width of our image as opposed to pixel values.
For this example we will add an image element to our Web page and give it a source of start PLG an all
star a waste of 50 percent and a height of 50 percent.
Then we will go to the web browser and let our code as we resize the browser.
You will notice that the image rescale is dynamically
then we will go back to the editor.
It is also possible to responsively size text Ameche XML instead of giving a font size in pixels.
We can give our text a font size and VW or viewport with unit.
This means that the text size will be based on the size of the browser window.
For this example we will add a paragraph element and give it a font size of 10 VW.
We will give our elements some example text content then we will go to the web browser and what our
code when we resize the browser we will notice that our text dynamically rescaled if we want to prevent
an element from scaling past a certain height or with we could use the max with max height properties
and the next lecture we will learn how to create menus and hetter bars for a web pages use an HMO.